Enhance create page blocks doc (#2514)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/pages/create_custom_page_block.md

For more information, see [UDW configuration](browser.md#udw-configuration).

> Your custom page block is now ready.

Reviewer: I think it would be

> Your custom page block is now ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your custom page block is now registered in the system.
```

Similarly as below - I'd expand on what "ready" means (because it doesn't mean "ready to be used in Page Builder")

!!! caution

>     Before you can use it in Page Builder, you must [enable it in Page field settings]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#block-display).

Reviewer: May be we should link to the migration action?
```suggestion
    Before you can use the block in Page Builder, it needs to be enabled. This can be done manually in [Page field settings]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#block-display) or by using the migration action [add_block_to_available_blocks](data_migration_actions/#available-migration-actions).
```

>     Before you can use the block in Page Builder, it needs to be enabled. This can be done manually in [Page field settings]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#block-display) or by using the migration action [`add_block_to_available_blocks`](data_migration_actions.md#content-types).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To use the new block in Page Builder, add it to the list of available blocks in a given content type's settings. This can be done manually in [Page field settings]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#block-display) or by using the migration action [`add_block_to_available_blocks`](data_migration_actions.md#content-types).
```

I'd expand the meaning of "enabled" - it's not an on/off switch for the whole system, it's an allowlist of blocks available for every Content Type.

I'm not sure about my suggestion, but this is the direction I'd choose.
